docs/mac/Apple.md, before:

# Apple OSX Tips and Tricks
## Keyboard Shortcuts

<https://github.com/eczarny/spectacle#keyboard-shortcuts>

## Window Management

* Spectacle
* BetterTouchTool
	* <https://www.boastr.net/>
* SizeUp
	* <http://www.irradiatedsoftware.com/sizeup/>

### Lock Screen

Ctrl + Shift + Eject

## Tools

Colordiff:
<https://gist.github.com/dansimau/3104183>

Homebrew: <http://apple.stackexchange.com/questions/69223/how-to-replace-mac-os-x-utilities-with-gnu-core-utilities>

## Applications

<http://www.danrodney.com/mac/recommendedprograms.html>

## Hardware

Mac Temperature via Terminal:
<https://www.reddit.com/r/osx/comments/3ehvcc/can_one_check_macs_temperature_via_terminal_os/>

Bluetooth will not turn off:

```
sudo kextunload -b com.apple.iokit.BroadcomBluetoothHostControllerUSBTransport
sudo kextload -b com.apple.iokit.BroadcomBluetoothHostControllerUSBTransport
```

<http://apple.stackexchange.com/questions/110229/bluetooth-corruption-on-2013-macbook-pro>

## Remote Access

Enable VNC remotely:

```
# Turn ON
sudo  /System/Library/CoreServices/RemoteManagement/ARDAgent.app/Contents/Resources/kickstart -activate -configure -access -on -clientopts -setvnclegacy -vnclegacy yes -clientopts -setvncpw -vncpw mypasswd -restart -agent -privs -all

# Turn OFF
sudo /System/Library/CoreServices/RemoteManagement/ARDAgent.app/Contents/Resources/kickstart -deactivate -configure -access -off
```

<http://apple.stackexchange.com/questions/30238/how-to-enable-os-x-screen-sharing-vnc-through-ssh>

## Mount HFS+ in Ubuntu

* <http://askubuntu.com/questions/332315/how-to-read-and-write-hfs-journaled-external-hdd-in-ubuntu-without-access-to-os>
* <http://superuser.com/q/84446/152045>

	```
	First, make sure that you have hfsprogs installed. Example installation command:
	
	sudo apt-get install hfsprogs
	
	Next, mount or remount the HFS+ drive; commands need to be as follows:
	
	sudo mount -t hfsplus -o force,rw /dev/sdXY /media/mntpoint
	
	or
	
	sudo mount -t hfsplus -o remount,force,rw /mount/point
	...
	
	Finally, if the drive was improperly unmounted or has otherwise become partially corrupted run fsck.hfsplus ... as such:
	
	sudo fsck.hfsplus -f /dev/sdXY
	```
	
## Troubleshooting

* Busted clipboard: <http://apple.stackexchange.com/questions/31866/copy-and-cut-sometimes-dont-work>

	```
	launchctl list | grep com.apple.pboard
	
	launchctl stop com.apple.pboard
	launchctl start com.apple.pboard
	```

Commit message:

Add open-with OS X trick 	modified:   docs/mac/Apple.md

docs/mac/Apple.md, after:

# Apple OSX Tips and Tricks
## Keyboard Shortcuts

<https://github.com/eczarny/spectacle#keyboard-shortcuts>

## Open With default option

1. Select a file.
1. Get info (right click or [CMD] + [I]).
1. Select your text editor under the Open with panel.
1. Click Change all.

<http://superuser.com/questions/578552/osx-stop-xcode-from-opening-ruby-files>

## Window Management

* Spectacle
* BetterTouchTool
	* <https://www.boastr.net/>
* SizeUp
	* <http://www.irradiatedsoftware.com/sizeup/>

### Lock Screen

Ctrl + Shift + Eject

## Tools

Colordiff:
<https://gist.github.com/dansimau/3104183>

Homebrew: <http://apple.stackexchange.com/questions/69223/how-to-replace-mac-os-x-utilities-with-gnu-core-utilities>

## Applications

<http://www.danrodney.com/mac/recommendedprograms.html>

## Hardware

Mac Temperature via Terminal:
<https://www.reddit.com/r/osx/comments/3ehvcc/can_one_check_macs_temperature_via_terminal_os/>

Bluetooth will not turn off:

```
sudo kextunload -b com.apple.iokit.BroadcomBluetoothHostControllerUSBTransport
sudo kextload -b com.apple.iokit.BroadcomBluetoothHostControllerUSBTransport
```

<http://apple.stackexchange.com/questions/110229/bluetooth-corruption-on-2013-macbook-pro>

## Remote Access

Enable VNC remotely:

```
# Turn ON
sudo  /System/Library/CoreServices/RemoteManagement/ARDAgent.app/Contents/Resources/kickstart -activate -configure -access -on -clientopts -setvnclegacy -vnclegacy yes -clientopts -setvncpw -vncpw mypasswd -restart -agent -privs -all

# Turn OFF
sudo /System/Library/CoreServices/RemoteManagement/ARDAgent.app/Contents/Resources/kickstart -deactivate -configure -access -off
```

<http://apple.stackexchange.com/questions/30238/how-to-enable-os-x-screen-sharing-vnc-through-ssh>

## Mount HFS+ in Ubuntu

* <http://askubuntu.com/questions/332315/how-to-read-and-write-hfs-journaled-external-hdd-in-ubuntu-without-access-to-os>
* <http://superuser.com/q/84446/152045>

	```
	First, make sure that you have hfsprogs installed. Example installation command:
	
	sudo apt-get install hfsprogs
	
	Next, mount or remount the HFS+ drive; commands need to be as follows:
	
	sudo mount -t hfsplus -o force,rw /dev/sdXY /media/mntpoint
	
	or
	
	sudo mount -t hfsplus -o remount,force,rw /mount/point
	...
	
	Finally, if the drive was improperly unmounted or has otherwise become partially corrupted run fsck.hfsplus ... as such:
	
	sudo fsck.hfsplus -f /dev/sdXY
	```
	
## Troubleshooting

* Busted clipboard: <http://apple.stackexchange.com/questions/31866/copy-and-cut-sometimes-dont-work>

	```
	launchctl list | grep com.apple.pboard
	
	launchctl stop com.apple.pboard
	launchctl start com.apple.pboard
	```
